husband
Are you okay?
Crape myrtle, who is your husband?
How could anything happen?
It's you, wait for me.
I'm going to the toilet
I'll be back in a while
Someone
Crazy
They all said that there are people in it, do they still have any quality?
I'm welcome to knock again. What the hell?
Mom, do you know who I am?
Wu Yong
Fight me
Is it you? Did I find someone to kill you?
Dare to hit me my idea
This is my last chance.
If you want to trouble me
Anytime welcome.
But if there is a next time
I'll put your head in the pit
Let you be well
chores
When the hell are you getting some air?
You are not a man
Am I a man?
You are not qualified to comment
Take a picture for you.
You have to dare to be third-rate ten again
Why wait for the news?
You nonsense
You wait for me.